# Viewing Logs #

Only users with “Logs” permission can perform the actions described in this section.

The MST keeps four different types of logs. General logs track problems in various categories of the MST’s basic operation. Actions taken and problems encountered while harvesting an OAI repository are logged in Harvest In logs. Actions taken and problems encountered running metadata services are logged in Services logs. The Harvest Out logs track the metadata services’ OAI repositories as they are being harvested by external harvesters. Each type of log has a page in the **Logs** tab with more information.

The **General Logs** page in the **Logs** tab shows information for the following eleven areas of the MST which are tracked in their own log files:
  * **Authentication Server Management:** Tracks changes made to the LDAP server configured for the MST
  * **General MST:** Tracks complete MST
  * **Jobs Management:** Tracks scheduled harvests and metadata services that are configured by the user and executed by the MST
  * **MST Configuration:** Logs problems with the MST’s configuration file. See the ["Configuring the MST"](MstConfig.md) section for more information on how to configure the MST.
  * **MySQL:** Logs problems accessing the MST’s database and running queries
  * **Record Count Rules and Results:** Displays record count data for the MST, rules as defined by the software, and results compared to the rules.  See the ["Verifying Record Counts"](verifyRecordCounts.md) section for more information on how to define and iterpret record count rules and results.
  * **Repository Management:** Tracks OAI repositories that are added, edited, and deleted from the MST
  * **Service Management:** Tracks metadata services that are added, edited, and deleted from the MST
  * **Solr Index:** Logs problems interacting with the Solr index
  * **Timing Information:** Tracks MST performance and memory usage
  * **User Management:** Tracks actions taken on the MST that relate to users, groups, and permissions


For each log, the number of warnings and errors in the log file are displayed on the **General Logs** page, as well as a button to reset these counts and the date when the statistics were last reset. Resetting a log does not remove the warnings and errors from the log file, it only sets the warning and error counts to 0. The buttons on the top-right and bottom-right of the screen will reset every log on the **General Logs** page.

The **Harvest-In Logs** page in the **Logs** tab displays information on the OAI repositories in the MST. For each repository, a link displaying the OAI request(s) run during the last harvest schedule is shown, as well as a link to the **Browse Records** screen faceted to show only records from that provider (“Browse Records” permission is required for this link to work). The date of the most recent harvest is also shown. Clicking on the name of a repository will download a log file with more detailed information on actions taken while harvesting the repository. The **Reset** button will reset the warning and error counts but will not remove the log file. The buttons on the top-right and bottom-right of the screen will reset every log on the **Harvest-In Logs** page.

The **Harvest-Out Logs** page in the **Logs** tab displays information on the metadata services’ OAI repositories. When an external OAI harvester (such as the Drupal Toolkit) harvests metadata from the MST, it is actually harvesting from an OAI repository for a particular metadata service. For each metadata service, the number of warnings and errors generated by harvesting the metadata service are displayed. Clicking on the name of a metadata service will download a log file with more detailed information on actions taken while the repository was harvested. The **Reset** button will reset the warning and error counts, but will not remove the log file. The buttons on the top-right and bottom-right of the screen will reset every log on the **Harvest-Out Logs** page.

The **Services Logs** page in the **Logs** tab displays information about the metadata services which process records in the MST. For each metadata service, the number of warnings and errors the metadata service reported are shown. Clicking on the name of a metadata service will download a log file with more detailed information on the action taken by the metadata service. The **Reset** button will reset the warning and error counts, but will not remove the log file. The buttons on the top-right and bottom-right of the screen will reset every log on the **Services Logs** page.