# Managing the Repository #

Only users with “Repository” permission can perform the actions described in this section.

The first step to processing data with the MST is to define the OAI repositories from which data will be harvested. A user with the appropriate permissions can add an OAI repository to the MST by selecting **Add Repository** from the **Repositories** tab. Fill out the form with a name by which the MST knows the repository and the repository’s URL, then click the **Save** button to add a new repository. This automatically validates that the OAI repository correctly handles the Identify, ListMetadataFormats, and ListSets OAI verbs, and the results of the validation will be displayed along with buttons to view the repository information, view the log for the repository (which shows a detailed reason for any validation failures), run the validation on the repository again, and delete the repository's records. This information page can also be accessed by clicking on a repository’s name from the **All Repositories** page in the **Repositories** tab.  This **All Repositories** page shows the name and URL of each repository as well as their status (whether or not they passed validation) and the timestamp indicating when they were last harvested.

Note that the repository can't be deleted once added, but to mark the repository's records deleted click the 'Delete Records' button. If the repository contains harvested records a dialog shall prompt the user whether they'd like to continue.  This is because in addition to marking the repository records deleted, the harvested data records shall be marked deleted and the harvest schedule will be deleted.